Release `ibc-rs` v0.10.0 (#1712)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: guide/src/config.md

i.e. the two chains will serve as a source for each other, and likewise as a destination for each other's relevant events.
Hermes will ignore all events that pertain to chains which are unknown (ie. not present in config.toml).

> To restrict relaying on specific channels, or uni-directionally, you can use [packet filtering policies](https://github.com/informalsystems/ibc-rs/blob/v0.10.0/config.toml#L156-L173).

Reviewer: Looks like this link isn't pointing to packet-filtering policies.

> To restrict relaying on specific channels, or uni-directionally, you can use [packet filtering policies](https://github.com/informalsystems/ibc-rs/blob/v0.10.0/config.toml#L156-L173).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To restrict relaying on specific channels, or uni-directionally, you can use [packet filtering policies](https://github.com/informalsystems/ibc-rs/blob/v0.10.0/config.toml#L207-L224).
```
